startlist; You find yourself at the entrance to a large CAVE. The CAVE is said to hold an item of great value that reveals the truth to its owner. Decode the list cavelist to explore the CAVE. To ignore the CAVE and look elsewhere decode fieldlist.
fieldlist; You find yourself in a large open field. The sun is shining and birds are chirping. It is a fine warm day for adventure. You think back to your friends sitting shivering in the cold Pittsburgh winter and decide you should enjoy this fine day for them. You lie down and take a well deserved nap. Once you wake up, you decide to explore that CAVE. Decode startlist to continue the adventure.
cavelist; The cave stretches out before you. You can almost feel the treasure waiting to be found. But there is also danger. Whoever hid the treasure must have left traps. In the back there is a large PEDESTAL. To the left there is a sparkling FOUNTAIN. To examine the PEDESTAL decode pedestallist. To examine the FOUNTAIN decode fountainlist.
fountainlist; As you near the fountain you sniff the air. What is that smell? You sniff again and recognize the scent. Curry! You must be getting close. You peer into the fountain and see a sparkling OBJECT at the bottom. Is this the treasure you are looking for??? To reach into the FOUNTAIN and grab the OBJECT decode objectlist. To DRINK from the fountain decode drinklist. To return to the cave decode cavelist.
drinklist; You take a sip from the fountain. Lo and behold it tastes like curry! You sense that you will never have to pass more then one argument to a function ever again. Decode fountainlist to return to the fountain.
objectlist; You reach into the fountain. Your hand closes around the object and you pull it out. You can barely contain your excitement. Slowly you open your hand. It is (fn x => (fn y => x)). As a 15150 student you know that FUNCTIONS ARE VALUE(s) and this is more treasure then you ever hoped to find. Overjoyed you leave the cave satisfied and live happily ever after. THE END (In your pdf write down the TYPE of the function you found.)
pedestallist; You approach the pedestal. A bright line shines on a small BOX sitting in the center. There is writing in an ornate script on the side. Something about fai... You  can not make out the rest. To pick up the BOX and see what is inside decode boxlist. To leave it alone and return to the CAVE decode cavelist.
boxlist; You pick up the small box and open it. On the top is a note that says, call me when you fail. Puzzled, you turn to leave, when a you hear a loud rumbling noise. You look up to see a large boulder rolling directly toward you. It is just like the movies! You turn to run and, as you do, see the rest of the inscription. -----failure continuation-----. At last the note makes sense! You call the function and are transported away in a burst of bright light. Decode startlist to find out what happens next.
